****Welcome to QT BongMart!****
--POS Tab--
1.Input the Product code in the input box. You can see the codes at the product
list. Click the enter button to add it in the purchase list. 
2.You can increase or decrease the number of the product in the list by putting 
the index number of the product in the input box and clicking the + or - 
button.(input must be 1 ~ number of product) 
3.You can type the number of the product you want in the input box and press 
'수량' button to set the number of the product.
4.After inputting the products, you can choose '현금' or '카드'button to execute
payment. 	
5.By clicking the Calendar button, you can getto the Calendar window.
6.'고객추가'button is not implemented.	

--Calendar Window--
1.If you click certain date, you can see the schedule list at the right side
of the window.
2.To add the schedule, type in the required value(Start Hour, Min ,End Hour, Min
, Note)in the box and press the '추가'button.
3.To delete the schedule, type in the required value(del index) in the box
then press the '삭제' button
4.You have to press the date button again to see the added schedule.
ps.you cannot delete the holdiay schedule.

--시재 Tab--
1.At the begining of the market you have to set your start money by typing in
the start money in the input box and pressing the '영업준비금' button. do not 
press it again in the middle of the business it will corrupt the total money
2.use the other two button to edit the total money. type in the amount of money
you want and click the '현금중간입금' to add money, '현금중간출금' to subtract
money.
3.you can chceck the total money in your hand and total money calculated by the
transactions you progressed by the boxes at the left. Type each cash, in your 
hand then press the '확인'button two see the difference between the money
calculated by the transactions. if the output value is not 0, there must be
something wrong with the calculation during the transcations.
4.If card money is not changed after purchased by card, press '현금중간입금'
once without the input to apply the change.
--재고 Tab--
Follow the instructions at the top right corner. You have to
type inputs respectively in the boxes. after that, you press the 
button  that you want. To print the product list press the "상품 목록" button.
Refer to the examples at the instructions. If the edition is not included in the
product list, there must be something wrong with your input value(tells you in
the outputbox, the horizontly long box) or press the product list button again 
for refresh.

